Update changelog (#35)
DataDog/libddwaf-rb: CHANGELOG.md

# 2023-06-13 v.1.9.0.0.1

> - Handle invalid encoding. Make sure strings are UTF-8 when passing them to libddwaf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handle invalid encoding
- Ensure strings passed to libddwaf are UTF-8
```
